Hey, Brother Zhao
Can you take me there?
Catch me this recall get something
What are you?
Why should I take you there?
Why am I the same age as you?
You are my subordinate
Humph same age
A helpless waste
You dare to ask me for five drinks and six
I went so awesome
Could it be that you have traveled to the martial arts world?
What about this?
You are cruel
Come with me!
Damn it, it was rented by this street first.
What are these?
I have never seen
Have you seen it?
Said he could get out of this kitchen knife
The other brothers don't know either.
What does crime sharing want you to do?
Ask three questions and don't know
Hey stop
That's mine.